# learn-rust
This is me playing around to learn rust

Rust’s memory model centers on the idea that all values have a single owner—that is, exactly one location (usually a scope) is responsible for ultimately deallocating each value. This is enforced through the borrow checker. If the value is moved, such as by assigning it to a new variable, pushing it to a vector, or placing it on the heap, the ownership of the value moves from the old location to the new one. At that point, you can no lon- ger access the value through variables that flow from the original owner, even though the bits that make up the value are technically still there. Instead, you must access the moved value through variables that refer
to its new location
identical instance of that same value is constructed at the destination of the move. Most primitive types in Rust, such as the integer and floating-point types, are Copy. To be Copy, it must be possible to duplicate the type’s values simply by copying their bits. This eliminates all types that contain non-Copy types as well as any type that owns a resource it must deallocate when the value is dropped.
To see why, consider what would happen if a type like Box were Copy. If we executed box2 = box1, then box1 and box2 would both believe that they owned the heap memory allocated for the box, and they would both attempt to free it when they went out of scope. Freeing the memory twice could have catastrophic consequences.
When a value’s owner no longer has use for it, it is the owner’s responsi- bility to do any necessary cleanup for that value by dropping it. In Rust, drop- ping happens automatically when the variable that holds the value is no longer in scope. Types usually recursively drop values they contain, so drop- ping a variable of a complex type may result in many values being dropped. Because of Rust’s discrete ownership requirement, we cannot accidentally drop the same value multiple times. A variable that holds a reference to another value does not own that other value, so the value isn’t dropped when the variable drops.